# Calculator-Design-UI---1.5-Lab-Software-Engineering

Created for Software Engineering class at Full Sail University, Term C202207, Section 02. 

7/10/22 Note: Created from an empty C++ Project in Visual Studio, and including use of wxWidgets. Per lab instructions, use a text control and buttons to create a calculator layout based on a design we drew with pencil and paper. Only requirements for design were a text box, a button that makes the number in the text box negative, and buttons (Numbers 0-9, +, -, *, /,=, c, mod, binary, hex, decimal).

7/11/22 Per lab instructions, implement an event table that handles click events for every button (such that the face value of each button appears in the text box when the button is clicked). I used the EVT_COMMAND_RANGE in the Event Table as opposed to EVT_BUTTON for each button, but I still had to use the switch case in the actual method. I hope after the next lab section (ButtonFactory), I will be able to optimize the onButtonClick method.

7/13/2022 Per lab instructions, create new branch for ButtonFactory, then created new class ButtonFactory. Purpose is to handle the creation off all the buttons in that class, so the main CalculatorGUI.cpp can just use Button0 = factory.CreateButton() method to create new instances. I wanted to use a method in the factory (as opposed to creating each button as its own method) but was unsuccessful in those attempts. I also attempted to implement a Bind() function on the displayTextbox with the new buttons, but was unable to get it to display properly in the OnButtonClick method. As such I have left it as the switch case in OnButtonClick().

7/17/2022 Per lab instructions, create new branch and new class CalculatorProcessor. Purpose is to handle the operand functions (+,-,*,/). I also added methods and definitions for x^2 and |x| as those are two additional buttons I have included in my design. Within CalculatorProcessor also wrote out code to handle the toDecimal, toBinary, and toHexadecimal methods that will be attached to those buttons. Methods are not currently attached to any buttons via the OnButtonClick method.

7/23/2022 Per lab instructions, create abstract interface base class with at least 1 pure virtual function called Execute() that will be responsible for running the commands created by each operand function (+,-,*,/). These commands are stored in a vector inside the CalculatorProcessor. Completed method implementation for operands (including my extra x^2 and |x|), the Hexadecimal, Decimal, and Binary function buttons, and the equal button. Updated the original design to show a displayOperand and previousInput when using the calculator.

Example usage for new design: When inputting 2 + 3, clicking 2 displays the number in the main display area. Upon clicking the + button, the 2 is moved to the PreviousInput display area and the + is moved to the Operand display area, while the main display remains blank for next input. PreviousInput and Operand display areas are labeled for clarity.
